Add CheckablePanel component (#2555)
elastic/eui: CHANGELOG.md

- Added `disabled` prop to the `EuiCheckboxGroup` definition ([#2545](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/2545))
- Added `disabled` option to the `option` attribute of the `options` object that is passed to the `EuiCheckboxGroup` so that checkboxes in a group can be individually disabled ([#2548](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/2548))
- Added `EuiAspectRatio` component that allows for responsively resizing embeds ([#2535](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/2535))

> - Added `CheckablePanel` component, for radio buttons or checkboxes with complex child content ([#???](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/???))

Reviewer: Don't forget to add the PR number in and use the Eui prefix 
```suggestion
- Added `EuiCheckablePanel` component, for radio buttons or checkboxes with complex child content ([#2555](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/2555))
```
